Terms and Conditions

Last updated: July 12, 2026

Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.

Interpretation and Definitions

Interpretation
The words whose initial letters are capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
- Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- Country refers to: Italy
- Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in these Terms and Conditions) refers to zeusx.
- Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone or a digital tablet.
- Service refers to the Website.
- Terms and Conditions (also referred to as "Terms") means these Terms and Conditions, including any documents expressly incorporated by reference, which govern Your access to and use of the Service and form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the Service.
- Third-Party Social Media Service means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third party that is displayed, included, made available, or linked to through the Service.
- Website refers to zeusx, accessible from https://zeusxapps.com
- You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Acknowledgment
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is also subject to Our Privacy Policy. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.

User Accounts and User Content

Account Creation
When You create an account with Us, powered by our authentication infrastructure (Supabase), You must provide Us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of Your account on Our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the credentials that You use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under Your password. You agree not to disclose Your password to any third party. You must notify Us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of Your account.

User Content and Intellectual Property
Our Service allows You to input, store, process, and generate digital content ("User Content"). You retain all of Your ownership rights in any User Content You submit or generate through the Service. The Company claims no intellectual property rights over the material or assets You provide to the Service.
However, by uploading or processing content through the Service, You grant Us a technical, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to host, store, and process that content solely for the purpose of operating, rendering, and maintaining the platform functionalities for You.

Subscriptions, Billing, and Commercial Terms

Merchant of Record
All subscription plans, commercial tiers, and financial transactions are handled exclusively by Lemon Squeezy, LLC acting as our Merchant of Record. Lemon Squeezy is responsible for billing, payment card compliance, tax collection, subscription lifecycles, and processing refunds.
By purchasing a paid subscription tier or product tier to access specific features of zeusx, You agree to comply with Lemon Squeezy's terms of service and billing conditions in addition to these Terms. Financial disputes, payment errors, and invoicing queries must be routed through Lemon Squeezy's customer desk.

Fees and Cancellations
The Company reserves the right to modify subscription fees or tiers at any time, with a minimum 30 days' notice to active users. You may cancel Your subscription tier at any time through Your internal account settings dashboard via the billing section powered by Lemon Squeezy. Upon cancellation, Your access to premium features will continue until the end of the current billing cycle.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.
The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.

Termination
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.
Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.

Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of these Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, or loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service).

"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer
The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.

Governing Law
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern these Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.

For European Union (EU) Users
If You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which You are resident.

United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

Severability and Waiver

Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under these Terms shall not affect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter.

Translation Interpretation
These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service. You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.

Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the Service.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
- By email: support@zeusxapps.com